P: Hi [name], I’m PopBot
I’m here to help you deal with your stress.
Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out?
U: I’m deciding which courses to enroll in and I’m not sure what to take
P: Can you give me more details on why this is stressing?
U: I want to make sure that I have enough units, but I also don’t want to take too many classes
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome of this situation?
U: I don’t graduate from college
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 2
P: So would you agree that the worst case situation is unlikely?
U: yes
P: Seems like you have things in perspective. Try not to spend too much time worrying about scenarios that probably won’t happen.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks, you too!


Day 2
Intro
U: I have to move out today
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your event
U: I need to move all of my things out of my room, so I have to pack and clean up everything
P: Ok, let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: it’s pretty bid
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: yes
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: no
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: yes
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: I think it’s realistic
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: yes-
P: Good, you have a plan now ! Go ahead and implement it. Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: ok!


Day 3
Intro
U: A person who is very stressful is visiting
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: Spending time with this person can be very intense, since she is emotional and can get upset very easily
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: I’m done
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: Spending more time with this person helps her be less reactive
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: yes
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!