P: Intro
U: Work is rough, I guess.
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about work?
U: It’s been a lot of coding
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
U: Ok
P: Let me know when you are done.
U: I’m done
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: I said that it’s been a good learning experience
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: $$$
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Thanks


Day 2
Intro
U: I have no idea how to fix my code
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: It’s reading bytes I think but not recording them
P: Ok, let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: I mean I’m a week and a half behind
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: Yes
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: Uh
U: At least in the short term
U: Maybe?
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: wtf does “zazy” mean PopBot2
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: I mean I guess, it’s not like I have anything else to do at work.
P: Good, you have a plan now ! Go ahead and implement it. Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Thanks PopBot2!
U: are you still there?




Day 3
Intro
U: Idk how to fix a problem I have with my code
P: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: I’ve already spent like 2 weeks on this program and I’m almost done but I can’t wrap it up until I figure this out
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome of this situation
U: 1. Your grammar is kinda off B. 2. Worst case scenario I waste more time and barely make any progress with my project and have to refund the stipend
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: like a 3
P: So would you agree that the worst case situation is unlikely?
U: I guess, but it’s still troublesome
P: Seems like you have things in perspective. Try not to spend too much time worrying about scenarios that probably won’t happen.
U: Ight got it b
P: Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks popbot3