Day 1
Intro
U: im dealing with relationship drama right now and also a lot of tension with the club im in
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your relationship drama
U: basically i met this one guy, let’s call him x, and he has a girlfriend. He eventually broke up with his girlfriend to get with me but we’re still not dating, another component is that his best friend, let’s call him k, is getting really close with x’s ex who came to visit him and ended up getting together with k
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: i dont think it’s that big, others see it as a problem because theres so muchtension between the best friends (x and k)
P: Seems this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
U: nah I’m good
P: Cool, enjoy the rest of the day!
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks have a great day


Day 2
Intro
U: I haven’t told my team lead that i’ll be gone this weekend when we potentially have a lot of work to do
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: I‘ve made plans to go to LA assuming that there won’t be a lot of work to do with my team this weekend because there was another event schedules, but everything got pushed back time-line wise so now there might be a ton to do.
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: it’s pretty big because the team is already really behind
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: yeah, its happening tomorrow so theres not a ton of time
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: i’m just talking through it with my team lead
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: the entier problem revolves around not being able to be helping the team but i had already made plans to go hang out with a friend
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: theres not really any decomposition that can happen
U: no
P: Coming up with a plan is the first step to solving your problem
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks


Day 3
Intro
U: my labmate isn’t doing his part at all and he’s spent 3 weeks doing nothing but now he’s gone with nothing to show for it
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: the research project we’re working on has multiple parts and I’m basically done with my part, but he hasn’t done anything with this
U: withhis
P: Ok,let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: it’s big enough that my boss cares
P: If you could solve this problem would your life improve?
U: yeah
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to  solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem too?
U: I would figure it out by myself and just do his work, it’s just frustrating
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: sure I guess
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: i
U: i’m not sure about the will but i should have the resources
P: Good, you have a plan now! Go ahead and implement it.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!