Day 1
Intro
U: I’m stressed about not getting personal projects done before the end of summer, which is very quickly approaching
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why projects are stressing?
U: I don’t think I have enough time to finish everything I want to finish
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: Not being able to finish anything
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 8
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen
U: I’m not sure, some things I would just have to stop working on as the school year starts but other things I would have to make time for during the school year.
P: Could you try and think of a solution?
U: Maybe improving my time management
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember that if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet. Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: You too!


Day 2
Intro
U: Recently I have not been getting enough sleep and I’m always tired and less productive during the day
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: I go to sleep fairly late and get up fairly early for work, so I get around 5 to 6 hours of sleep a night which isn’t enough for me
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: I’m done
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: I get to spend more time experiencing things if I’m awake
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: No 
P: That’s ok at least you found one positive 
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!








Day 3
Intro
U: School is starting soon
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: School is starting again in less than three weeks and I’m stressed about choosing classes and the incoming workload
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: Probably not, since eventually all students must return to school
P: Seems this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
U: Yes
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: Yes
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: Yes
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: It might not solve it completely but it could definitely help
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: Yes, I think so
P: Good you have a plan now! Go ahead and implement it.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!