Day 1
Intro
U: ok thanks
um
let me think
i think a recent event was going to the dmv
i went to get my driving permit
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: problem?
you mean trip to the dmv?
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your trip
U: so i went to the dmv to get my driving license
sorry my permit
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: but because i’m not from california (im an international student)
no its not really that big
P: Seems this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
U: not really lol
P: Cool, enjoy the rest of the day!
U: ok thanks!
you too
P:Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!


Day 2
Intro
U: sure
i went to the dmv last week
got to work on securing driving lessons
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: there are lots of options
some are pretty costly
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: so i’ve got to work out one which is best for me
um
that i have to retake my driving permit test
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: or that i fail the driving test
about an 8
given my track record
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen
U: i would just keep trying
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember that if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet. 
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks!




Day 3
Intro
U: i’m still trying to get driving lessons sorted out
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: it’s annoying
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
U: lots of different packages available
P:Let me know when you are done.
U: done
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: i got three things
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: i’m learning about the different driving instruction options available
i’m learning about how the driving instruction business works
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
U: agreed~
!
P:Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: you too!