Day 1
Intro
U: I have a lot on my calendar today
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this problem?
U: I don’t have a lot of time for myself
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: At least I have things to do
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: I just did
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: My life is moving in a positive direction
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Bye






Day 2
Intro
U: I have a very important thing happening next week and it’s hard to wait.
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: I wish time could go faster
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: I’m not sure. Maybe the event being postponned?
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 1
P: So would you agree that the worst case situation is unlikely?
U: Yep
P: Seems like you have things in perspective
Try not to spend too much time worrying about scenarios that probably won’t happen.
U: I’m not, I’m just inpatient
P: Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: bye












Day 3
Intro
U: I’m stressed out about my parents
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: My dad is an asshole
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: Yes
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: Yes
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: Probably not
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: No
P: Coming up with a plan is the first step to solving your problem
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!