Day 1


Introduction
U: Well i’ve been trying to bring some ideas to fruition and it stresses me out that I don’t know all the steps to make it reality but I’m trying!
How can you help?
B: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: It’s stressful because I’m inpatient and I want it to happen tomorrow. So it’s the process that that stresses me out sometimes.
B: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome
U: The worst possible outcome is I never shift the social media paradigm and create a community of productive, reflective, inspiring humans of all ages. So to me that’s a lot to lose.
B: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: Given that most things fail the likeliness of this scenario taking place is a 9!
B: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen?
U: Learn from my “failure” and improve then try again!
B: See you have a plan B. Just remember if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: You have been a great help. Enjoy the rest of your day as well.


Day 2


Intro
U: Being able to approach problems creatively
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: Yes. I need to add graphics to a video to engage our viewers and establish a future a concept in less than two minutes.
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: Done!
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: If I make decisions it will lead to me to come up with interesting ways to solve the problem at hand.
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: Yes! Just make decisions and it will lead to some results
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!




Day 3

P: Intro
U: I will be missing my first day of class due to a late flight.
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem
U: I booked my flight two days after I was supposed to.
P: Ok, let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: It’s only one day of class so not really. Others would think so because they believe school is really important.
P: Seems like this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
U: No, I made my decision already now I just need to enjoy the rest of my time in CA!
P: Cool, enjoy the rest of the day!
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!