Day 1


P: Hi [name], I’m PopBot.
I’m here to help you deal with your stress.
Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out?
U: Sure. My dad has been feeling ill for the last month.
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem?
U: My dad got sick about a month ago during early July.
P: Ok, let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: He’s never really been a sick in the past, so this is unexpected. He’s still ill to this day ad we’re not quite sure what he has
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: I think it would. I would have one less thing to worry about.
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: Hm - I really don’t think so
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: So I am worried about my dad, but if I worried less, I would potentially feel better. I would say that as soon as started to feel worried, to talk to someone that would help alleviate the worry.
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative… zazy ideas are welcome!
U: I think I could also write things down instead of thinking to hard about them.
P: Finally, do you have the resources, and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: I think I do. I can talk to people I know and designate a journal to write in if needed.
P: Good, you have a plan now! Go ahead and implement it.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Thanks!


Day 2


P: Hello [name], I’m PopBot
I’m here to help you with your stress.
Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out?
U: Sure, like I mentioned yesterday, my dad has been sick and I have been worried about him.
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: He got sick around fourth of July and has been dealing with that for a few weeks
P: I see how that can be stressful. 
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation. 
Let me know when you are done.
U: Okay
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: Sure, I wrote that at least I feel like communication between my dad and I has gotten better.
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: It’s made my dad take better care of himself
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Thanks.


Day 3


P: Hi [name], I’m PopBot
I’m here to help you deal with your stress.
Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out?
U: Hi - I would say that today I have a lot of work going on. That is a bit stressful
P: Can you give me more details on why this is stressing?
U: It’s a large amount to do in a little bit of time.
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome of this situation?
U: That the work does not get done, the event I am planning won’t go as planned and I would be fired.
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 5
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen?
U: I would look for another job
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: Thanks.