Day 1
Intro
U: are you stressed?
P: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: I’d rather not
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome of your problems
U: Most likely a change of scenery
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 6-7
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen?
U: know and focus on the issue, forsaking peripherals events
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: hello


Day 2
Intro
U: work
P: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: never ending
P: Hmm I see….
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome
U: good question
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being the most impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: worst possible outcome is .. at the moment. haven’t spent enough time to ponder that
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being the most impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U:: don’t know… yet.. need to spend some time to think what is the worst possible outcome
P: Could you try and think of a solution
U: but some immediate issues are.. progress being stopped
P: So would you agree that the worst case situation is unlikely?
U: yes .. effective resource accumulation and usage
P: Seems like you have things in perspective.
Try not to spend too much time worrying about scenarios that probably won’t happen.
U: no
P: Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: noit yet
*not
hello Popbot






Day 3
Introduction
U: Lack of clarify and under representation
*clarity
P: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: uncertainty of progress/process
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: not sure
P: Sorry I didn’t get that
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: Not enough data to ascertain possible scenarios
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 5.5
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen?
U: need more data
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!