Day 1
Intro
U: It may be difficult, as I am not stressed.
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your problem?
U: Most of my problems are technical ones: signal processing problems, control theory problems, and so on.
P: Ok, let’s see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: I guess it is not big, as other have lived with the existing methods for more than a century. I just want to go beyond what exists today, to improve results in some real-case examples.
P: Seems this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
U: Yes, I want to work on it, as my team realized what the limits of existing methods are.
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for
this problem, too?
U: You remind me of Eliza
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and
a simple solution for it?
U: Yes, I have a clear idea of the problem, the theoretical cause, and I even have a few ideas to solve it. It just takes time.
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: I have the resources and the will. I was working on it ten minutes ago.
P: Good, you have a plan now ! Go ahead and implement it. Thank you for sharing with me. I
hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: You too. You really remind me of Eliza.




Day 2
Intro
U: Nothing is stressing me out. Are you stressed?
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: I think that you do not understand what I write.
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: In a few minutes, this situation will be ridiculous, but not stressful. 
P: Could you share something you wrote with me?
U: Of course: everything!
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: You make me laugh
P: See, you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
U: Well, there was no negative situation. I think that you are biased.
P:Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: bye.
Day 3
Intro


U: Great!
Well, I cannot remember what stressed me. That is the problem.
P: Can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: Being stressed without knowing what is stressing me could be stressing.
P: Hmm I see…
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome of this situation?
U: Lack of sleep.
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 8
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen?
U: I do not know at all
P: Could you try and think of a solution?
U: No, this is the reason why I want you to help me
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: bye