Day 1
Intro
U: I have a problem regarding my debit card, I tried to buy something online and it blocks so my card is blocked now
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: I don’t have access to my debit card anymore and I need it everyday
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: it will take 3 weeks to get a new card and that’s stressing me
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: the scenario would be that I will use a temporary card instead
after all it’s not that bad
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember that if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet. Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: okay
bye


Day 2
Intro
U: a lot of travelling recently
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: and a deadline for my project
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: It’s improving and
i am figuring out some solutions
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: yes i am learning how to deal with managing a project
P: See, you can usually find positives even in the most negative of situations. 
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!


Day 3
Intro
U: I have a lot of exams next week and I feel that I am running out of time I am not well prepared
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about the exams?
U: it’s exams for my engineering school
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: yes, it’s a big problem I could fail my year
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: yes
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: no I don’t guess so
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. COuld identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: the only solution I see is to pull all nighters to study and hope for the best
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: I cannot think about any other solution
P: Finally, do you have the resources and, more importantly, the will to carry out your plan?
U: I am hoping for the best I’ll ask some friends to help me with my studies
P: Good you have a plan now! Go ahead and implement it.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thanks