Day 1 
Intro
U: I had a project that I need to make it work
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: we need the feature to work within a short time frame
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: I had colleagues with whom I can discuss some technical challenges
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: I was sort of having uninterrupted work time during most weekdays so that I can concentrate on the task 
P: See you can usually find positives even when in the most negative of situations.
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!


Day 2
Intro
U: I have multiple tasks I need to finish
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your tasks
U: several tasks from work and some other things in life I need to deal with
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: it
it’s hard to say if it is big. they are just important so it’s better I deal with them well
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: I would only say if I solve this problem, it will prevent getting unpleasant consequences in life
P: Ok, now, recall past problems that you were able to solve. Could a similar solution work for this problem, too?
U: probably
P: Do you realistically think this solution will solve the problem? Any other ideas? - Be creative...zazy ideas are welcome!
U: which solution
P: Perhaps you should break down the problem. Could you identify a piece of your problem and a simple solution for it?
U: fix a debug in my code..
P: Good you have a plan now! Go ahead and implement it.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thank you


Day 3
Intro
U: One algorithm we worked on for a long time was discovered to have major flaws
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why that is stressing?
U: The problem is challenging and I need to fix it as soon as possible,
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: Are you really a bot
P: Sorry I didn’t get that
U: Are you a robot?
P: Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: Our demonstration does not work
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: 5
P: In that case, what could you do to get back on track if it does happen
U: probably need to work overtime to fix it
P: See you have a plan B. Just remember that if you’re stressing that there is always a way to get back on your feet. Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thank you