Day 1
Intro
U: waiting for budget approval
P: Ok, can you give me more details on why projects are stressing?
U: i received few information
P: Hmm I see..
Let me ask you something, what is the worst possible outcome?
U: no budget
P: Ok, on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being almost impossible, how likely is this scenario?
U: ;0
P: So would you agree the worst case situation is unlikely?
U: yes
P: Seems like you have things in perspective. Try not to spend too much time worrying about scenarios that probably won’t happen.
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
U: thqnk you


Day 2
Intro
U: greqt wher is popbot 1?
P: Sorry I didn’t get that
Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out
U: indeed i am stress about programming stuff
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about your programming?
U: need somebody to program
P: Ok, let’ see how bad this problem is. Is it really that big? Would others think so?
U: and the guy is to slow
yes it is q big thing
P: If you could solve this problem, would your life improve?
U: I have a demo in @ months
no [computer crashed, had to be restarted]
is it finish?
P: Seems this is not a problem worth worrying about. Do you still want to work on it?
T: popbot?
P: Cool, enjoy the rest of your day!
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!


Day 3
Intro
U: glad to meet you
P: Can you tell me a little bit about a recent event that is stressing you out?
U: last time was long time ago
could you be more specific?
P: Ok, can you give me more detail about this event?
U: recent is about last year ?
P: I see how that can be stressful.
I want you to take a couple minutes and write at least one positive aspect about your situation.
Let me know when you are done.
U: stress is good cause i eat chocolate
P: Is there another positive you can find in your situation?
U: and i like a lot chocolate
No 
P: That’s ok at least you found one positive 
Positive thinking can be a good way to destress, making it easier to face challenges.
U: yes thanks to you
Thank you for sharing with me. I hope I have been able to help. Have a nice day!
P: thank you bye